---
sidebar_position: 6
---

# LOCL - Gift2Grow

LOCL is a startup that is building a platform to help people find and support local businesses. I worked with them to build a platform that would allow people to buy gift cards for local businesses. The platform was built using React and Node.js. I worked on the front-end and back-end of the platform. I also worked on the design of the platform. The platform was built using a microservices architecture. I built the front-end using React and the back-end using Node.js. I also built a RESTful API that the front-end could use to communicate with the back-end. I also built a payment gateway that the platform could use to process payments. The platform was built using a microservices architecture. I built the front-end using React and the back-end using Node.js. I also built a RESTful API that the front-end could use to communicate with the back-end. I also built a payment gateway that the platform could use to process payments. The platform was built using a microservices architecture. I built the front-end using React and the back-end using Node.js. I also built a RESTful API that the front-end could use to communicate with the back-end. I also built a payment gateway that the platform could use to process payments. The platform was built using a microservices architecture. I built the front-end using React and the back-end using Node.js. I also built a RESTful API that the front-end could use to communicate with the back-end. I also built a payment gateway that the platform could use to process payments. The platform was built using a microservices architecture. I built the front-end using React and the back-end using Node.js. I also built a RESTful API that the front-end could use to communicate with the back-end. I also built a payment gateway that the platform could use to process payments. The platform was built using a microservices architecture. I built the front-end using React and the back-end using Node.js. I also built a RESTful API that the front-end could use to communicate with the back-end. I also built a payment gateway that the platform could use to process payments. The platform was built using a microservices architecture. I built the front-end using React and the back-end using Node.js. I also built a RESTful API that the front-end could use to communicate with the back-end. I also built a payment gateway that the platform could use to process payments. The platform was built using a micro